I am new to Python programming which is why I choose a project that does not require any advanced programming skill. I choose Python for the programing language because it is easy to work it and I highly recommend Python to any new programmers wanting to get in the field. First, you will notice my Type Hints and Annotations of minimal and no complex anntations exist anywhere in the program. This is because I am new to Type Hints and have a gradual type hint process underway. As I learn more about type hints the more type hints will be added. I have read that type hints are only needed where unit tests are needed. I did not create this application with unit tests in mind because I can invisualize the full application from the beginning as just a flow from bottom to top wihout any need for unit tests. Unit tests require the special style of programming that needs to be learned where I just wanted to dive in and start programming. I will continue to Type Hint and Annotate the entire program as much as I can because it helps my PyCharm IDE (program I develop with) keep my code working and error free. I run the code under linters such as Black and PyLint and others so the code is clean code. 

I have used mostly functional programming, because I use the Trio mini-framework which encourages functional programming style.

I use Linux Ubuntu LTS for my operating system and mIRC for my IRC client running with WinE (Windows Not-an-Emulator). If you do not have $25 to register your mIRC you can find sometimes some high quality hacks of the mIRC program also there is Adiirc which is free and supports all of mIRC scripting aswell as Bauderr script, the companion script for Trio-ircproxy. Adiirc also runs under Wine if you are running Linux such as myself. You may also use irssi if you use Linux which is a console based irc client with alot of features but takes a little practice to get to know the command CTRL+KEY combinations to navigate the irc session.  It does not support mIRC scripting but has its own scripting language which I know very little about.  You will not have to worry about speed because Python and Trio are plenty fast enough to handle all situations that may arise on IRC such as channel takeovers, and large xdcc list traffic.  The interface to many irc clients is very slow, compared with actual real time, so I recommend using an proxy server for all speed dependant functions such as takeover protection and flood protection.  mIRC is especially slow when using an proxy server, but also has its moments of intense speed bursts.  This makes the proxy even more important, that it is programmed properly, so when mIRC is slow the reaction to the network(s) traffic is kept blazing fast. I put something like 0.024 seconds between each sockread loop. Thats 24 milliseconds between each sockread. On my desktop computer, an I7 with 12 GB ram, this seems to be an optimal loop speeds
